content/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
bio: Exploring the intersection of people and data.
education:
  courses:
  - course: MSc in Bioinformatics
    institution: Marquette University and Medical College of Wisconsin
    year: 
  - course: BSc in Biochemistry
    institution: University of Wisconsin - Stevens Point
    year: 
email: ""
first_name: William
highlight_name: true
interests:
- Artificial Intelligence
- Biomedical Imaging
- Computer Vision
- GIS
last_name: Steinke
organizations:
- name: 
  url: https://www.stanford.edu/
role: Data Scientist
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: /#contact
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/steiwils
- icon: linkedin
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/william-s-steinke/
- icon: cv
  icon_pack: ai
  link: uploads/WilliamSteinke_22082023_Resume.pdf
status:
  icon: ☕️
superuser: true
title: William Steinke
---

I am an enthusiastic data science practitioner coming from a biology background. My interests focus on computer vision deep learning methods, mainly focused around their application in biomedical imaging for cardiovascular disease. I also have a side passion of advocating for better built environments and using my data science skills to help advocate for more human centric design.
{style="text-align: justify;"}

Commit message:

Changed the social links that are on projects. Removed WhatsApp and Weibo.

content/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
bio: Exploring the intersection of people and data.
education:
  courses:
  - course: MSc in Bioinformatics
    institution: Marquette University and Medical College of Wisconsin
    year: 
  - course: BSc in Biochemistry
    institution: University of Wisconsin - Stevens Point
    year: 
email: ""
first_name: William
highlight_name: true
interests:
- Artificial Intelligence
- Biomedical Imaging
- Computer Vision
- GIS
last_name: Steinke
organizations:
- name: 
  url: https://www.stanford.edu/
role: Data Scientist
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: /#contact
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/steiwils
- icon: linkedin
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/william-s-steinke/
- icon: cv
  icon_pack: ai
  link: uploads/WilliamSteinke_22082023_Resume.pdf
status:
  icon: ☕️
superuser: true
title: William Steinke
---

I am an enthusiastic data science practitioner coming from a biology background. My interests focus on computer vision deep learning methods, mainly focused around their application in biomedical imaging for cardiovascular disease. My other professional interests are in data and AI ethics, and open source projects. Some of my personal interests are in urbanism, GIS, and cycling for transportation.
{style="text-align: justify;"}
